{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27800\viewh24800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Atmospherics for water: \
\
Some places around here have been slippery, but this is treacherous. Just deep enough you can\'92t wade easily, and the plants almost seem to have a will of their own with their spines and thorns. \
\
\
Atmospherics for torch:\
\
Finally the darkness retreats! At least a little. You find the scent of burning pitch oddly comforting after the dim coolness.  \
\
\
Atmospherics for spike traps:\
\
You stumble into a pit of carefully sharpened and placed spikes, and are unable to dodge all of them. You are still alive, but sport a few deep wounds reminding you to be wary of these traps in the future. \
\
\
Atmospherics for fire pit:\
\
You come across a roaring fire in a shallow pit. The warmth is nice, but you wonder if it might attract anything else into your vicinity. \
\
\
Atmospherics for lava:\
\
You feel the heat before you see the glow of the lava\'97a dull reddish light that doesn\'92t illuminate so much as bake. One step would make you the epitome of a crispy critter. \
\
\
Atmospherics for puzzle:\
\
Something tells you that you have to do something here. All these switches surely must do something useful.  \
\
\
Room Descriptions and Names\
\
Entry Hall\
\
You're standing in a large, dark room. The stone floor and walls vanish into the gloom. Next to you rest a few old chests, and unless you\'92re mistaken something behind you is radiating warmth. You can barely make out something else in the distance. Did it just move?\
\
The Room of Despair\
\
The door slams behind you and you find yourself in another space. Somewhere off to your right something makes a noise, and then all is silent again. The walls are closer in than before, and there\'92s no obvious exit. Hopefully there's another door around here somewhere, but will it require another key?\
\
The Mouse Trap Room\
\
You hear water, and it\'92s not just a trickle. Your normal poor visibility is worse than usual, as a mist seems to cling to everything. You hear some sort of mechanical grinding for a few seconds, but then it shudders to a halt. A new menace? Or a help? \
\
Maze Room\
\
A maze of columns, spike traps, and walls raced into the distance. You hear some sort of rustling in a far hallway, and you almost think you hear a great rumbling sigh somewhere. Surely that couldn\'92t involve you. Surely.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
*****PREVIOUSLY GIVEN TO BRYANT*****\
Atmospherics:\
\
You feel a slow and steady dripping of water from the ceiling. \
\
A musty and unpleasant smell wafts in front of you. \
\
A bat flies past your head and disappears into the darkness. \
\
In the far distance your hear something shuffle toward you. \
\
The stone floor here is slick and slippery. \
\
Surely there\'92s a door nearby?\
\
You note a trickle of liquid on your arm, feel it, and taste your blood. \
\
A creaking and groaning as of rusty hinges starts from a far area of the room, then stops just as quickly. \
\
A tendril of mist curls around you. \
\
The ceiling seems to be closing in, but maybe that\'92s just you. \
\
The tile you\'92re on is loose, and it rattles loudly beneath you. \
\
A sound of stone scraping against stone reverberates for a short time, then seems to muffle itself.  \
\
\
\
Atmospherics for the Revive Potion:\
\
Before you breathe no more you manage to take a sip of your revival potion. As the darkness of death falls, you are comforted by the knowledge that death\'92s door will not shut on you\'85this time. \
\
\
Atmospherics for the Floor Tile of Death:\
\
You step forward, and the floor gives way beneath you. You scrabble at the lip of the precipice, but too late. You start to fall down, and down, and down\'85\
\
\
\
Weapon Descriptions:\
\
A short, sturdy, and well-used wooden sword balances itself well in your hand.\
\
A well-weighted and scratched war hammer has been added to your arsenal. \
\
You\'92ve obtained a sharp and surprisingly light metal sword engraved with a series of mysterious symbols. \
\
This mystic bow seems to be strung with something valuable as gold but strong as iron.   \
\
\
\
\
\
Opening Screen\
\
I think "The Adventures of Hero" is a good idea--nothing else I can think of is quite as punchy or is longer and more cryptic. Maybe we could use the graphic we have of the main character on the opening splash screen? The opening story (wouldn't have to go on the opening screen, but maybe one right after it) could go something like...\
\
"You return to your village one day to find the buildings destroyed, the fields burnt, your family slaughtered. All that the few stunned survivors can tell you is of something that came from the nearby mountains, under cover of dark, and laid waste to your village after pillaging it of everything of value. Having nothing to stay for, you set off into the wilderness, and soon come to a massive cave entrance. And so your journey to avenge your village begins..."\
\
Closing Screen\
\
I think the best finale is having the dragon drop "treasure" (the valuables from your village) and a key enabling you to exit the dragon room. Maybe the finale text could then be something like...\
\
"And so your journey to recover your honor and the wealth of your village ended, and all praised your swift sword and bravery in the face of danger. Life began in your village again, and all seemed well with the world. But on some nights, you wonder if you really did triumph over the forces of darkness, or if somewhere in the cave an unopened door, an unexplored room, or a corridor untouched by your gaze hides something...and if it plans to visit your village in the future..."\
\
Puzzle Options:\
\
Room with three special tiles or floor symbols that require placing on of objects (rocks, crates) before spawning a key or weapon or similar.\
\
Room with fireplace and stick that combine to make torch, which can be applied to wooden door without keyhole to obtain what is inside (weapon?).\
\
A crate that can be smashed open with a weapon to reveal something else (gold?).\
\
Several doors that, having been opened, in turn automatically open another door (as in the door disappears, becoming a hall to another room or alcove).\
\
Flooded room with switches underwater (made clear by being of a lighter shade) that work as do dry floor tiles\
\
Wall switches that work as floor switches do to open a door or spawn a chest with a key\
\
Needing to light a wall-mounted torch (or series of them) to get a key for a door\
\
Needing to do something similar with the switches or torches to cross a chasm of the bottomless floor tiles or lava so as to get a special weapon, potions, gold, etc.\
\
Needing to do something similar to lower an area enclosed in walls within a room so as to get valuable items\
\
Needing to light a torch so as to burn down a door without a key\
\
\
}